who are you you can call me Andy I lead
a group of soldiers fighters like you
with an extremely rare skill set what do
you mean
let's just say we're very hard to kill
[Music]
you've got questions kid you want
answers I have the new one I think she
has potential see you're already healing
faster you're gonna do great
so you good guys or bad guys depends on
the century so we really never does just
because we keep living doesn't mean you
stop burning throughout history we've
protected this world fighting in the
shadows but it's nearly impossible to
disappear in the world we live in today
you leave me to take one for you oh
thank you so much there you go thank you
these are extraordinary individuals
extremely resistant to capture they're
going to walk us up and weaponize us but
they've never faced an army like ours an
army of five let's start a band
if we can unlock their genetic code the
entire world will be begging us for the
key we don't have all the answers but we
do have purpose
I strongly recommend that we leave right
now
let's move wait for the signal how the
hell can you even tell
Oh
all I have for you is a word
Tennant it'll open the right doors some
of the wrong ones too
use it carefully
[Music]
to do what I do I need some idea of the
threat we face as I understand it we're
trying to prevent World War 3
I'm not saying Armageddon here something
was like how do you have an interest in
a certain Russian national Mike Springer
you can communicate with the future
time travel no inversion a mitten poetry
yeah
shooting the bullet you know catching it
or what I've seen too much my will try
and keeper
and duty transcends national interests
this is about survival
seems both
hold up fine but I thought you were
gonna say nuts
how would you like to die Oh
you chose the wrong profession
[Music]
and all that from here
how's it happen yet
there are people in the future who need
us
I need tenant
we need to save them here and now
it's reversing the flow of time wasn't
us being here now it never happened you
want to crash a plane but not from the
air no such massive well how big a plane
that part is a little dramatic
[Music]
these sapphires are here to fulfill your
every need wherever you were before
that's all
[Music]
black GI is it fair to serve more than
the wide Americans that send you here
nothing is more confused and to be order
into a war to die around the faintest
idea of what's going on I dedicate this
next record to the soul brothers of the
1st Infantry Division's these days
[Music]
can't put it out another
judgment welcome back to Vietnam
[Music]
get a man and all his blood who was that
guy that brother was the best damn
soldier ever live
[Music]
we bury they don't you come back into
that
[Music]
I shall resign the presidency
get back here it is not easy
broken and through what you blaming
yourself your even though
[Applause]
we've been dying for this country
Funderburk it
we get his call
our people
in my line of work I have to be very
good and that means knowing exactly who
I am in business with
[Music]
we're evacuating the building
god I need your help don't stay in here
I'm not leave the category five
hurricane going on outside you forgot
about that
I think it's a five already there is a
storm right now 160 miles per hour
perhaps devastate Porto Rico
your dad doesn't want to leave I can't
force them help me get him out of this
building
let's go let's go
watch it sweetheart warning
he's part of a crew at this high-end
high stuff
I got a buddy downtown he's been chasing
these clowns for a month a cop - what do
you think these guys want I might have a
pretty good idea 55 million dollars it's
here in this building that's blood money
if we're gonna stand any kind of chance
we need all the firepower we could get
screech slap we go through all my floor
and so we find them
[Music]
when the eye of the storm if you're
trying to make an impression now's the
time
[Music]
I'll shoot you in the head I'm not going
out that way
remember shoot to kill kids hey nice
work kid do everything what happened win
during the battle
welcome to the Dark Side of the Moon
gentlemen aren't we supposed to be on
top of the mountain to win this thing
our job is to separate Taliban and the
ordinary people
how do we do our jobs and stay safe
respect keeps us safe I wouldn't trade
this for anything look at us
Band of Brothers keep me in your prayers
okay trust me babe I quit I love you
you're gonna win by getting their hearts
or minds we want the hearts and minds
and they want a blood and guts sorry pal
but that's life at Camp Keating every
time they take a potshot at us they're
figuring us out I'm the big one comes
I'll have a style did the big ones that
alive everybody fall back enemy in the
wire I landing back into five Cubs
we need to retake this camp we don't
have any hair support the manpower or
men are trapped up there
our meed who is 40 yards away there's
everything we need to stay in this fight
let me do this Sarah
[Music]
let's show some love with the 120 you
all right back come on drums around me
you're not gonna die okay
obj right foot
[Music]
we're taking this pitch back you either
get it or you don't
without further ado I give you sure
we're just gonna watch this movie until
I die absolutely no one under the age of
17 is allowed I don't think they have an
attractive star they don't do anything
original in the screenplay I didn't care
for the film lousy movie really lousy
actor kind of launched very very bad
let me guess we're smoothie showgirls
showgirls you got it yes okay yes it's a
failed movie where are you from but it
adds up to something different places
the type of comedy I don't think you can
make on purpose which makes it very rare
and valuable
I hadn't seen something so perfectly bad
in years it was done civilization had
done its job showgirls is also
signalling to fans of Paul Verhoeven
that it's like his other films people
are much more inclined to think that
that's nearly criminal to portray sex
sexuality is part of our life and we
should not be afraid of it you can't
believe they're trying to sell us this
you never know what's going to become a
cult
for those of us that get it it can
become our religion this is a role that
does not come around that opportunity
it's weird having that protagonist as a
character that's so cathartic I want to
watch this thing
over and over and over again I think
we're still talking about showgirls
because we're not done with it the film
that gets reclaimed as a stealth
masterpiece
you
[Music]
[Applause]
this has anything left
all our memories mum what is it it's
here
are you talking to
since your grandfather passed this house
seems unfamiliar
I can shoot a guy in the head I'm gonna
drop them in the river
I can kill his wife in this dark there's
something wrong with you
princess here is getting married tonight
to the countess's brooch we don't do
this we are expanding the business I
want you to listen to me
Hercules he has your sister MIT it's
alright I'm gonna get her excuse me
nice stroke you know the trumpet player
I want his finger the right pinky just
snip it off I need you to do me a big
favor
this is for love you're a sweetheart you
know that but you have to understand one
thing
where's the bride will you start out as
a bunch of people we end up as a lot
should my husband for me you're the
savior who are you saying
I've gotta get them out of here damn
[Music]
good morning max and happy birthday
please rate it on a scale from one to
ten five max
[Music]
le chapelier that uppity mind becoming
useful sickly this video looks at
Singapore that invented that my name is
oddities
I hereby confirmed and I and with
assistance of this hotel have decided to
take my life if in your neck baby snake
hisses her girls illness will declare my
happy the proved your decision can no
longer be canceled so what we were
supposed to talk about on here
maybe not the future
circle of life is our most popular
burial we're not allowed to be here
I really need to see that again
it's not an option mess
clock's ticking
you can go you can't escape
the videos captured during the robberies
and uploaded to social media are the
work of Arielle summers and Dean Taylor
a couple followed by millions of people
on social media
hi my name is Arielle and for as long as
I can remember I knew I was going to be
famous I never really seen you around
here before
we straw it's such a small town need to
get out of Florida
maybe somebody will want to come with me
[Music]
we
it's a merry
we're gonna need some cash
I'll be like green you're in luck
I'm excited I'm like I met such
I created a new account 3000 followers
why would you post that something like
this could make us famous let's go out
some fun you guys have been busy
millions have been called a modern-day
Bonnie about me how do you think this
ends I ain't made to be no housewife
I don't know what this could do for us
or even what this is anymore
[Music]
nothing like a good old-fashioned bank
robberies
[Music]